[DOC] More changes to inheritance. (#7973)
ethereum/solidity: docs/contracts/inheritance.rst

    // contracts can access all non-private members including
    // internal functions and state variables. These cannot be
    // accessed externally via `this`, though.
    // The keyword `virtual` means that the function can change
    // its behaviour in derived classes ("overriding").

>     contract Mortal is Owned {

Reviewer: The newly added comments (2 lines) can be moved here right before function definition

requests to override ``X``, which is a contradiction that
cannot be resolved.

Due to the fact that you have to explicitly override a function
that is inherited from multiple bases without a unique override,

> C3 linearization is not too important in practice.

Reviewer: Can `C3 linearization` be briefly explained?

Author: C3 is introduced in this section which contains a link to a wikipedia article about it. It cannot be briefly explained, but its properties are briefly explained above.

> When the inheritance results in a contract with a function and a modifier of the same name, it is considered as an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We consider it an error when any of the following pairs in a contract have the same name due to inheritance
  - a function and a modifier
  - an event and a modifier
  - a function and an event
```

> This error is produced also by an event and a modifier of the same name, and a function and an event of the same name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
